# Workshop for this step

Your instructor may have changes to the workshops, as our curriculum
is under continuous improvement.

## Example application

Our example application is available at the following URL:

<http://videomanager.angularbootcamp.com>

The features in it have been chosen to provide good examples and
context to explain, demonstrate, and workshop Angular features. Your
instructor will work on re-creating (portions of) an application
similar to this one in class.

## Start a new project

Throughout many of the remaining workshops, you will be creating an
Angular application using the Angular CLI. Your instructor may suggest
problem domain and feature ideas.

## StackBlitz users, read this!

While StackBlitz makes it very easy to get started, it also means you
are not working at the command line, so you can't use the Angular CLI
commands as described. Rather, some of the same capabilities are
available by clicking in the StackBlitz interface. Behind the scenes,
StackBlitz is using code from Angular CLI, so it produces
approximately the same results. We will mention where to click the
first few times it comes up.

It is wise to also keep an eye on the CLI instructions, as you are
much more likely to use those in a real Angular project.

Proceed to step 4.

## Developing the workshops on your computer

## Step 0: Node.js

Node.js is a JavaScript runtime environment used by many
Angular-related tools. Please download and install Node.js from [the
Node.js web site](http://nodejs.org/). The Node.js installer also
includes npm. We recommend installing the LTS (Long Term Support)
version of Node.js.

Linux users: we recommend you install Node.js using your package
manager or using a tool like [NVM](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
or [N](https://github.com/tj/n).

## Step 1: Install Angular CLI

To create an Angular application from scratch, you will need to use
the [Angular CLI](https://angular.dev/tools/cli), a command-line tool for
quickly generating an Angular project. The Angular CLI tool is
available on NPM. To install it, issue the following command from your
OS terminal:

```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

The above command will add the Angular CLI tool to your computer and
make it accessible from the command line.

## Step 2: Create an Angular Project

Use your terminal to navigate to the desired location for your new
project. Once you are there, type the following command:

```bash
ng new workshop-app
```

This command will create a new folder for your project and initialize
an Angular application within it.

## Step 3: Start your application

Change directories into the workshop-app folder that was generated by
Angular CLI:

```bash
cd workshop-app
```

Then start Angular CLI in development mode:

```bash
npm start
```

Once the terminal reports that "Ready for changes", the
application is ready to load.

Open a browser and navigate to <http://localhost:4200/>

You should see the resulting application.

## Step 4: (OPTIONAL) Add third-party CSS library

While fully-handcrafted CSS has advantages, an off-the-shelf CSS
framework is very helpful for getting up and running quickly. For this
class, we recommend using a "class-light" CSS framework, so you can
focus on Angular without getting lost in the details of CSS.

The Pico CSS framework is a good choice, and you've already seen it in
action -- we use Pico (along with a little custom CSS) in the class
materials.

<https://picocss.com/>

You can add Pico with npm...

```bash
npm install @picocss/pico
```

...then import it at the top of your global stylesheet:

```scss
@import "@picocss/pico/css/pico.css";
```

On StackBlitz, add Pico by importing it from a CDN at the top of your
global stylesheet:

```scss
@import url('https://unpkg.com/@picocss/pico@1.*/css/pico.min.css');
```

## Step 5: (OPTIONAL) Add ESLint

The Angular CLI does not come with a linter out of the box, but you can easily add a lint command by
installing a third-party plugin:

<https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint>

Use the ng add command to add this plugin and enable linting for your application:

```bash
ng add @angular-eslint/schematics
```
