# Resources

Angular Boot Camp  
https://angularbootcamp.com

Angular Boot Camp Class Materials (Download)  
http://angularbootcamp.com/abc.zip

Angular Boot Camp Class Materials (Online)  
https://github.com/angularbootcamp

---

Oasis Digital  
https://oasisdigital.com  

Oasis Digital Training  
https://oasisdigital.com/training

Oasis Digital YouTube Channel  
https://www.youtube.com/user/OasisDigitalSoftware

Valiantys  
https://valiantys.com/

Valiantys Training Services  
https://valiantys.com/en/service/training-coaching/

---

Angular  
https://angular.dev

Angular GitHub  
https://github.com/angular

Angular Blog  
https://blog.angular.dev

Angular YouTube Channel  
https://www.youtube.com/angular

Angular CLI  
https://angular.dev/tools/cli

Angular DevTools  
https://angular.dev/tools/devtools

Angular Language Service  
https://angular.dev/tools/language-service

Angular Style Guide  
https://angular.dev/style-guide

Angular AI  
https://angular.dev/ai

Angular Update Guide  
https://angular.dev/update-guide

Angular Accessibility (a11y)  
https://angular.dev/best-practices/a11y

Angular Internationalization (i18n)  
https://angular.dev/guide/i18n

Angular Material  
https://material.angular.dev

Angular Component Development Kit (CDK)  
https://material.angular.dev/cdk

Angular ESLint  
https://github.com/angular-eslint/angular-eslint

---

Baseline  
https://web-platform-dx.github.io/web-features

Can I Use...  
https://caniuse.com

MDN Web Docs  
https://developer.mozilla.org

web.dev  
https://web.dev

web.dev Angular  
https://web.dev/explore/angular

web.dev Accessibility (a11y)  
https://web.dev/accessibility

---

Node.js  
https://nodejs.org

npm  
https://www.npmjs.com

ESLint  
https://eslint.org

Prettier  
https://prettier.io

Nx  
https://nx.dev

---

MDN CSS  
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS

web.dev CSS  
https://web.dev/css

Sass - CSS Preprocessor Scripting Language  
https://sass-lang.com

CSS Videos from Kevin Powell  
https://youtube.com/@kevinpowell

Layout Land from Jen Simmons  
https://youtube.com/@layoutland

Grid By Example from Rachel Andrew  
https://gridbyexample.com

---

TypeScript  
https://www.typescriptlang.org

TypeScript Videos from Matt Pocock  
https://www.youtube.com/@mattpocockuk


RxJS - Reactive Extensions Library for JavaScript  
https://rxjs.dev

RxJS Operator Decision Tree  
https://rxjs.dev/operator-decision-tree

RxMarbles - Interactive diagrams of Rx Observables  
https://rxmarbles.com

NgRx - Reactive State for Angular  
https://ngrx.io


ng-news  
https://www.youtube.com/@ng-news

Angular Air Livestream / Podcast  
https://angularair.com

The Angular Plus Show Podcast  
https://ng.show

ng-conf YouTube  
https://www.youtube.com/@ngconfonline

---

Microsoft Visual Studio Code Editor  
https://code.visualstudio.com

JetBrains WebStorm JavaScript IDE  
https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm
